Theses:

SNDK:

GOOGL:

IREN: Fully contracted, chasing supply not demand

Uncontracted capacity, I thought fully contracted?

Air vs liquid cooling? Time to compute?

AMD:

MU:

DELL:

SMCI: High upside, risky position. Management lawsuit + lots of debt and customer concentration. Main
  revenue stream is for large data centers (hyperscalars) where they assemble a server around GPUs
  (building motherboards, chassis, heating) and then shipping them off. Also bad quarter for
  spending, where they had net cash flow of ($10B). Relies on revenue continuing to grow (which it has).
  Earnings call states backlog is at an all time high.

  Focus is on a quick time to online (TTO), i.e new GPU gets released and they're the first that
  have a working server for it (racks, cooling, etc.).

  They also directly mention AMD MI400 GPUs in the earnings call, so rising tide lifts all boats
  
  Upside is DCBBS where they design a whole data center top to bottom for a client, again with the priority on speed and ease of use. 
  Bets on data center design becoming more complicated and more clients wanting on-prem AI infrastructure than big companies needing
  data centers. Advantaged economically over cloud compute (renting) if used over 3-5year time spans,
  and also good for data soverignity (e.g international instiutitions want their own secure space).
  Generally revenue is growing Q/Q for DCBBS, and this aims to improve their margin profile since the
  Large Data Center shit is low margin because they are buying from NVIDIA then selling (large margin lies with NVIDIA)

ADDYY: Stock fell recently because of tarrifs, and further back losing Yeezy. Both of these things are
probably short-term. Also PE ratio lowest it has been for ages, and brand name with right athletes
(+marathon runners using Adidas). World cup coming up + Nike doing bad

NVDA: (applies to AMD as well) but generally CPU to GPU ratios rising
(more CPUs needed) because of inference/agentic over training, and so they are selling Vera CPU separately (didn't do that
with blackwell). Allegedly partnerting with many companies to get it deployed
and be a big provider.

	Separately, Hyperscalars are moving traditional CPU workflows to AI
	like ads, search, marketing, databases so that's more GPU demand.
	However, this is still affected by the broader CPU:GPU trend going
	from 1:8 to closer to 1:4 or 1:1 (because those workflows become agentic/
	inference).

LLY: GLP-1 probably going to mass market, revenue growing especially internationally (ex-US), 
foundayo oral pill behind competitor (waygovy) but doesn't require fasting.

AXP: Strong brand, low growth, dividend stock. Economy doing ok for high spenders and all their
cards have membership fees.

META:

CRM: Future growth depends on seat durability (can an agent just click through the menu), whether inference costs
compress the margin, and if there's near term demand (tested by RPO growth). Agentforce ARR also needs to grow (small part of business atm)

SOFI:

HPE: Makes servers, which is lower margin (~30%). Stable revenue stream networking (acquired Juniper so they sell
switches and routers and stuff) but also work in data center networking which grew ~200% Y/Y but then fell 20% Q/Q. Generally
stable campus netowkring, security etc.

Also work in selling servers for data centers, and have a partnership with NVIDIA to sell servers. In addition sells
storage. Fears are that memory prices is what is driving increased selling prices, not demand, and also harms margins.

They acquired Juniper which helps expand into high-end networking for data centers to compete with Cisco. However, there
is some drag on the networking margins because of one-time costs from the acquisition but also when you acquire a company
you inherit all their costs which gets added to your own before you can consolidate the two. Example: Buying a second
restaurant would initially hurt you by doubling costs because you're not necessarily making double the money yet, but then
you can consolidate things like sales etc.

Bottom line is that they sell the servers and the networking to connect them.
